Ian Hatcher: and welcome again to the second day of performances, for you know low.
Ian Hatcher: That was just Sarah Rafa with video off zoom and pandemic productivity not captured on video but captured in our hearts that was great.
Ian Hatcher: um I wanted to also begin, as I did yesterday with expressing gratitude to the other three members of the performance curatorial committee Claire DONATO Astrid insulin and katniss and.
Ian Hatcher: As well as to everybody organizing the conference Scott and sore and colo who very helpfully just reminded me to turn off the dings as people were coming in.
Ian Hatcher: So thank you for saving performance from that carlotta so up Second, we have JESSICA reagan's with advocacy oh nice slash some innings.
Ian Hatcher: And if everyone could just keep themselves muted and with their video off I have less of a.
Ian Hatcher: Fine grained control over that, as I did in the webinar but.
Ian Hatcher: But if people pop in I may I may meet you and such.
Ian Hatcher: JESSICA, are you all set and what's the baby cam regretably.
Ian Hatcher: There we go.
Forest morality be Suave Szymborska.
She enters the forest.
and actually gets lost in it.
She knows it inside and out.
Migratory departure and arrival.
she feels free in the tether of a branch.
In its shadows and after shadows.
Green volts.
In silence that pleads to the ears and crumbles every now and then.
Everything here rhymes.
Like in riddles for children.
Between the Bush and the tree.
It is like a third neighbor.
She sees variations harvests.
recognizes.
Mutual secret relationships duties.
confused beginnings.
tangled threads.
And in the next.
exceptions.
She knows what is often dense.
What bravely separately.
what's up hi there in the clouds.
and close in the gaps.
What swarms and the ravine.
needles.
foliage.
Whose leaps.
leap through.
leaps to the side.
What is a maple.
ash what is a birch.
What is your.
Only death speaks here in common pros.
She knows what's here.
Running stitching.
The very edge of the path.
flashed and disappeared.
Although a masterpiece supernatural and sub natural.
She knows where the Gothic sky is.
And where is the Baroque in the ball.
That here is a siskin.
There is a ren.
And with a chaffinch.
And since felling the oaks rearing up.
And then back in a clearing well known to her.
But not the one scene in the morning.
And only among people does anger collect her.
Because, everyone is guilty.
Who from others is different.
Hello next clip.
Jessica Rodriguez: monolithic Let me share he put in.
jail next clip area ma.
Jessica Rodriguez: ma.
ma you.
know when rodney cinema.
Hippo chick.
pea.
shooters and.
yellow next.
Jessica Rodriguez: intervals.
A chin chin you.
Jessica Rodriguez: Know kronos yellow.
Jessica Rodriguez: yellow know scotty.
Jessica Rodriguez: Was oddly.
enough.
Jessica Rodriguez: Local know Scott.
i've watched she is a rock star.
Hello next clip flushed and.
Jessica Rodriguez: Russia is my flesh and blood drove me.
nuts.
V Latina.
Jessica Rodriguez: inception.
recognizes she she so.
Jessica Rodriguez: She knows what's here, yes, Robert.
Jessica Rodriguez: Hello.
brand.
to share a movie.
Jessica Rodriguez: requirements.
Jessica Rodriguez: No colonoscopies.
Jessica Rodriguez: colonoscopy lata.
Latina.
Sophie trench the.
bottle active.
stone.
circle shown and children.
chance to.
He stole.
From Scott.
Bennett want.
Miss Jones.
He.
Is young ski above your ski.
to him.
nikon IV Latina tasha.
Thanks.
Thank you JESSICA.
Ian Hatcher: And that was that was beautiful.
Ian Hatcher: That was JESSICA Rodriguez with in focusing on a slash so many things.
Ian Hatcher: For more background about that that piece and Jessica and the other performers in the program please refer to the gallery site, the performance go to the site and pasting it in the chat again i'm.
Ian Hatcher: Just in the interest of time i'm not going to read bios and so forth, so next up, we have Tina Scott aka on my parents Tina be ready.
Upon widow brothers grave October 12 2014 map huge resistance day the destructive is destroys poetry, and it sensor shapes obsolete complicity.
canonical restrictions demons device it there's members it bites It tears, it turns it the toilet paper to Oregon me to poetry in hockey and destructive ISM creates through destruction.
destruction is the path to creation poetry is reaction poetry is resistance poetry breaks conventions regulations destroys.
Political, social, religious canonical in positions of a destructive exploded male female queer is not subject deterrence concrete geographies.
emerges in Santiago New York Taipei Bergen in the visitor I have electronic interface in the global straight i'm sphere.
up here is for you and wrongs and restrictions, free of canonical rattling around the lake my which exclude or include in the service of interesting discretion.
fellatio and bargain basement paperwork with constructivism mo one overcomes expectation and canon every destructive is about memory makes the canon.
dictated by nobody imposed by nobody nobody's I got don't change Erasmus grambling who excites and rebels into the destructive his muse through went on Omega and we honor nobody.
Because nobody doesn't dictate doesn't impose binaries rupture.
man, woman reader writer paper could create a creature of unified in a graft full freedom every action and destruction of a poem creates the author and not the other way around.
about what that is, it is not God, according to the degree determined by the bow him because the God of institution Andre he.
doesn't exist, since they don't exist, they are not in have never been anything but conventions which the destructive is poet that destroys injury leaves returning to the chaos of origin.
To nobody's chaos freefall free fall into the sky every video l into the paper, the keyboard the Apps for you have social extraction.
of racist in classist implication of restrictive advocates of imperial veracity of sacrosanct wars in consumerist avowal.
destructive is a moment this rebels machismo conformance mo social control barcodes poetry is in the metropolis on the mountain inside moons in there is not john resin boundaries chatter.
genres of sexually ties literature coding all in balance conventions they'd still defy marginalize confuse kill poetry art.
binary code multimedia are interchangeable products in the destruction construction of the rituals, there is no hierarchy or authority.
destructive is mo is fundamental and the review hubli anarchic monarchy dictatorship all institutionalized religion.
it's opposites commitment to justice is a kind of destruction of political hegemony liberating and redeeming us.
social and historical commitment is a destructive is exercise transforming Convention into verse victory exists nowhere, but in software and interface.
Reality does not exist if it is neither augmented nor diminished technological passion as a weapon, the loaded with future versus the user Convention and word.
It must be revitalized within version and doing vomiting collision.
taboo is a destructive is the tool, it remains and requires both gays and reaction overcomes arcane sanctimony freeze proclaims seduces connect with that which moves in a real it.
God definitively is not the destructive is poet at proclaims absolute freedom in Nepal him without engine or inquisition without original sin or baggage freefall Tina and Scott.
Without destructive is a English translation by kristin dykstra Santiago New York burlington Bergen December 2014 HALO 2021.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you Tina Scott for that fantastic piece.
Ian Hatcher: That was titled feminist manifesto in times of coronavirus I should have heard that title at the beginning.
Ian Hatcher: Next up, we have used to chime in here from Shanghai, you see, are you ready.
yuzhu: Hello everyone, welcome to speak pen.
yuzhu: you're probably wandered around the Internet and came across this drawing tool i'm you drew and today i'm here to guide you, through your first creation.
yuzhu: In the following tutorials I will explore some of the main components contributed to the drawing tool.
yuzhu: let's get started.
yuzhu: Writing has always been a huge part of my life.
yuzhu: I write about anything.
yuzhu: they're not necessarily good but it's a ritual that I do.
yuzhu: i've written scripts lurks homes fictions and non fictions.
yuzhu: I wrote about movies, that I saw people I met the weather.
yuzhu: and random words like this.
yuzhu: For me Brent writing is a way to de stress.
yuzhu: I remember the first time that I started writing was after an incident.
yuzhu: I had just turned nine or 10 and my parents took me and my best friend camping to celebrate my birthday.
yuzhu: we're not really outdoorsy type or adventurous type.
yuzhu: So that was very exciting for me.
yuzhu: Just outside our campsite.
yuzhu: There was a stream.
yuzhu: with lots of rock Simon.
yuzhu: And, of course, as kids.
yuzhu: yeah my friend had to go jump on the rocks.
yuzhu: There I was.
yuzhu: excited.
yuzhu: To go on my first adventure.
yuzhu: But the rocks was too slippery.
yuzhu: And my shoes was wrong.
yuzhu: So I felt into the water.
yuzhu: I remember.
yuzhu: crying so hard and feeling so embarrassed.
yuzhu: That our whole family, I had to pack up and go home.
yuzhu: To this day, my friends domain found me.
yuzhu: Remembering that afternoon, I can still feel the disappointment.
yuzhu: In a car ride home.
yuzhu: I remember feeling embarrassed and remorseful sad.
yuzhu: So when I got home.
yuzhu: I started writing.
yuzhu: My dad had kept all my journals from when I was a kid.
yuzhu: There in his store.
yuzhu: In a studies.
yuzhu: A couple of years ago I started looking at those journals and realized that I used to draw pictures to replace some of the words that I that I didn't know how to write.
yuzhu: That was very interesting to me.
yuzhu: I started theorizing about those writings I did back when I was a kid and I even tried to create those texts.
yuzhu: But they just lacked a playfulness the pureness and and I eunice.
yuzhu: What a shame, how, when you grow up you become so preoccupied with making sense of everything.
yuzhu: One of my favorite book was blitz by Maggie Nelson.
yuzhu: Blue bloods what's a gift from a friend.
yuzhu: This was also her favorite book.
yuzhu: I remember the first time I picked it up my friend Ruby was playing van halen guitar.
yuzhu: And after a couple pages.
yuzhu: I felt a kind of closeness.
yuzhu: To Maggie to Ruby and even to eddie van halen.
yuzhu: days later i've decided to translate a book into Chinese.
yuzhu: i've asked Ruby.
yuzhu: What would be a reason for someone to like the color blue.
yuzhu: she replied.
yuzhu: Lewis, the easiest color to match.
yuzhu: it's like black suicide.
yuzhu: it's an absence of color but a color.
yuzhu: it's like being expressive while not appear to be expressive.
yuzhu: Tolerance i've seen guys show, fortunately, some portion to signs and we can see sure.
yuzhu: he's online Sir so i'm sure see that see if enjoy each for.
yuzhu: A color blue emerged from the coziness have been added spirit created when two people are connected emotionally and intellectually and physically.
yuzhu: This was the sentence, I wrote on the first page of the notebook where I translated now since bullets.
yuzhu: But.
yuzhu: There are words that cannot be expressed with different languages.
yuzhu: Their words that are not meant to be translated.
yuzhu: There are words.
yuzhu: That are not meant to be translated.
yuzhu: Their words that are not meant to be translated.
yuzhu: That I have been using for the past.
yuzhu: Six years.
yuzhu: Was that its maximum capacity.
yuzhu: i've struggled for the last couple months and, finally, last week I had to do a hard reset to wipe it storage.
yuzhu: I had a lot of trouble transferring out of data to the cloud around to another device.
yuzhu: To be perfectly honest, I haven't been writing for a while now.
yuzhu: I worked at a small company from nine to seven.
yuzhu: A lot of my time and my energy got consumed.
yuzhu: Empty soda cans and dirty laundry started to pile up in my room.
yuzhu: Like the image of a stereotypical programmer.
yuzhu: I hunter over to dusk thinking about the time that I fell into the stream.
yuzhu: The more I chew on this tool, the slower, it becomes.
yuzhu: I think it is also exhausting.
yuzhu: It probably wants to go back.
yuzhu: Well, you just saw was a tutorial for speak pen.
yuzhu: And I encourage you to try it out.
yuzhu: Thank you so much for watching feel free to leave some comments.
yuzhu: And also improvements to the tools.
yuzhu: I will see you next time.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you so much easier for that.
Ian Hatcher: Beautiful piece on.
Ian Hatcher: work more soundly clapping I think from everybody that's such a wonderful instrument text one instrument and beautiful performance on it.
Ian Hatcher: Except we have Eric sitka with memento costume.
Ian Hatcher: Eric are you awesome.
In this one.
insincere protective.
Simply.
flashes and reels are laughter impertinence was fine and spiteful glass.
The modified body, who synergy you care stay until a split and warning and unreality so.
bleak and then we.
recognize nothing.
really happened.
rummaging through the box to.
Each of her hymns.
Is the manuscript which.
A few verses.
can turn.
porn.
reminding everyone, not of justice, but events which are the poet's foreshadowing for an unexpected irreversible.
What shall we take from this, what about the bush, what does it matter.
Paper was said to become overinflated that it's calculated the disinherited.
channel.
As the vapor.
in miniature which was cultivated images like a diminutive diagram dementia, with the candidate.
or they had so the type of sparkling water, which was supposed to do something or neutralize effects that.
Did anything for health easily bone gets put into terms of numbers, given the right materials for the rod equations.
The time for movement which innovation of one of the druids can now be reckoned on one of the agricultural grids was estimated on what he called the comedy tablet later human.
you'll note as the color a splinter in can be accumulated in more than one way.
This was not possible to do in the tablet later, which cost it's maker, to abandon the project and engage in the botanical analysis of herbal threads the authentication of the lucknow tendencies of the shrimp this criminal.
The idea that you could form a consistent stands by leaping off rocks was almost universally disputed yet for the.
Other calculator it was clear that the only evidence of criminality was active in version, it was clear that this was not productive.
Undermining most of the critiques but repetitive, that is, it was not true eventful analysis, but the reproduction of event which, for all the many parameters to keep constant would consistently create random variations.
The harsh of the performance dipped completely in the self and the preservation of pigments and liquid combination with not rivers, but the same corpse in each defense of violence in.
The idea of the desolation of the now entirely obscured figure was the case of continuity, the manicure of simmering spiral inflation syndrome and the comedy tabulate a record in the most wretched of terms reprimanded for a more consistent result.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you Eric that was beautiful.
Ian Hatcher: It was, it is a good tour of a cosmic prismatic engine.
That.
erik zepka: Is clapping.
Ian Hatcher: Next, on our on our list is Jason Nelson with secret lives of lockdown objects, but unfortunately I think those secret lives may remain secret because I don't think he's here with us Jason are you here under under an assumed name a different name.
Ian Hatcher: I don't think so so.
Ian Hatcher: i'm just hoping that you'll suddenly appear, but I don't think so so next up we'll have Dr Ray who just momentarily pure and DARPA travel and coming.
Ian Hatcher: from St Petersburg Russia with freedom is freedom is freedom is freedom this performances are authored by daria with participants who are students of the laboratory of media poetry, when I was in St Petersburg.
Ian Hatcher: and
Ian Hatcher: Show me their names I practice three minutes, they probably won't be too bad the other participants are all Sasha and need a conclusion scalia.
Ian Hatcher: Still Isla and the totally level of nasty a copy of your other Leon stroke of the owner political arena review over and anastasio dressed.
Ian Hatcher: and perform the participants in this performance also include you member of the audience or fellow performer in this zoom event, if you would like to participate variable explain how this will work and we'll have a concluding portion of this piece in tomorrow's performance session.
Daria Petrova: And thank you for.
introduction.
Daria Petrova: i'm excited to be here and.
Daria Petrova: So now i'm really going to invite all of you to take part in performance, right after this meeting.
Daria Petrova: Well, actually i'm sure you're tired of sitting in front of the screen and want to take a walk and it will be the performance section by 400 and communication at the Telegraph chat.
Daria Petrova: So so give me 30 seconds I will share link.
Daria Petrova: links to telegram chat with you the zoom chat yeah.
Daria Petrova: So now i'm enjoying it and.
Daria Petrova: So, as mentioned good all the libertarian media for a while also take part in the performance and like also called the some a few little tape bar to.
Daria Petrova: Thomas is called freedom is freedom, freedom is freedom, this is a very short of exceptional poem by service, after several classes, he.
Daria Petrova: reflected on freedom team to and when me and students came up with the theme of the performance, we discussed this situation or being a young artists in contemporary Russia.
Daria Petrova: Is there is even the slightest political jetta in the world, artists, have to consider whether they're willing to take responsibility for you as.
Daria Petrova: Many of you have heard, maybe now international we can take in jail time even for a simple report or social medium for now with artists miserable intention again the degree of inner freedom, so it was our after selection on the on the field of the performance.
Daria Petrova: and looking forward to to reflections and now, let me say a few words about how do you go, how do you happen today.
Daria Petrova: The moderator it's actually right stocks in the chart and the pundits your mind what media should be used so after the fact.
Daria Petrova: All tasks, though, we will remind you of instruction from conceptual art in fact I was actually in the Center follower Lucy creative freedom in those given condition, so you will have Doris Doris can you will have direct media and.
Daria Petrova: So you have very little mind condition of i'ma go over this performance is to understand the mechanics of the most to visa.
Daria Petrova: So, like chat.
Daria Petrova: We will still choose to for the station like location said noises voice messages photos and for.
Daria Petrova: me the file equal part of the leverage full fledged and very episodes per participant so in communication.
Daria Petrova: So the loss of their user been from rapidly right here now, before our eyes and our fingers, so my idea is to research, this perfect well process, and I invite you to search for your own loads of artistic communication in chat ties, it says platform, as the greatest studio and please.
Daria Petrova: Let me say a few words about performance kettle and drew.
Daria Petrova: I will tell my Green demonstration for now you'll have a link to the telegram champ.
Daria Petrova: So.
Daria Petrova: performance of styles start right after the finishing of this meeting, and it will last about 40 minutes.
Daria Petrova: Yes, but they can box, as I mentioned before, please turn just.
Daria Petrova: So.
Daria Petrova: This performance opposed to go out for a walk so don't forget to charge your phone right now please and he's already fast, for me, and I will ask you to be very difficult, and I will send next best when most of you will answer and.
Daria Petrova: If I see and if nobody is no stopping So if you don't want to answer so feel free just be quiet.
Daria Petrova: So i'm.
Daria Petrova: in brackets after my task here, you will.
Daria Petrova: See which media asked you to write should be like us to answer by voice message to all my photo if I write me so you're free to do any medium and the also yes, I will be grateful to you if you will right on their response to my performance stuff.
Daria Petrova: So thank you for your attention, I hope that I will see some of your in the telegram performance job.
Daria Petrova: Oh.
Daria Petrova: Yes, I see the question charter, so no know you should have.
Daria Petrova: called very easy you just your phone number and the phone.
Daria Petrova: Yes, and web notion, for example.
Ian Hatcher: It looks like to with with telegram that you can use something like Google voice or another like sort of temporary number to create an account, so it wouldn't necessarily have to be your phone number, there are some other options if you're if you'd like to receive that are.
Daria Petrova: reluctant to to use the APP.
Ian Hatcher: With your own number.
Ian Hatcher: Great I had one other question for you, which is if people are not available, right now, if they're available say a little later could they join the chat and how the instructions and do it a little bit later between today and tomorrow is that something that is possible.
Daria Petrova: Unfortunately, no it's just you know, except time everyone this existence for being here and now in correspondence with each other.
Ian Hatcher: Okay, great we're just checking just to see if that would make my pulse you want people in.
Ian Hatcher: Okay, well, thank you so much, and we'll yeah there'll be a concluding segment of of this performance tomorrow.
Ian Hatcher: Thank you so much.
Ian Hatcher: And that is the conclusion of our program for today Thank you so much to all of our performers if people would like to turn on their video or audio and clap or otherwise express.
Ian Hatcher: appreciation for performers, please do.
Ian Hatcher: Wonderful Thank you everyone i'm just.
Ian Hatcher: A couple little things here on my end and then we'll move on, we will pick up tomorrow, at the same time, in the same same BAT time same BAT channel.
Ian Hatcher: That is it for today Thank you again.